androidx/transition/R.java
 androidx.transition.R
 androidx.transition.R$attr
 androidx.transition.R$color
 androidx.transition.R$dimen
 androidx.transition.R$drawable
 androidx.transition.R$id
 androidx.transition.R$integer
 androidx.transition.R$layout
 androidx.transition.R$string
 androidx.transition.R$style
 androidx.transition.R$styleable
androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
org/lamw/pascalid1/jSupported.java
 org.lamw.pascalid1.jSupported
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
androidx/cardview/R.java
 androidx.cardview.R
 androidx.cardview.R$attr
 androidx.cardview.R$color
 androidx.cardview.R$dimen
 androidx.cardview.R$style
 androidx.cardview.R$styleable
org/lamw/pascalid1/jForm.java
 org.lamw.pascalid1.Const
 org.lamw.pascalid1.jForm
 org.lamw.pascalid1.jForm$1
 org.lamw.pascalid1.jForm$2
 org.lamw.pascalid1.jForm$3
 org.lamw.pascalid1.jForm$4
 org.lamw.pascalid1.jForm$5
 org.lamw.pascalid1.jForm$6
 org.lamw.pascalid1.jForm$MyCountDownTimer
org/lamw/pascalid1/Controls.java
 org.lamw.pascalid1.Controls
 org.lamw.pascalid1.Controls$1
androidx/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
androidx/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
org/lamw/pascalid1/BuildConfig.java
 org.lamw.pascalid1.BuildConfig
org/lamw/pascalid1/App.java
 org.lamw.pascalid1.App
 org.lamw.pascalid1.App$1
 org.lamw.pascalid1.App$RLAppLayout
androidx/legacy/coreui/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
androidx/asynclayoutinflater/R.java
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
org/lamw/pascalid1/jsFloatingButton.java
 org.lamw.pascalid1.jsFloatingButton
 org.lamw.pascalid1.jsFloatingButton$1
 org.lamw.pascalid1.jsFloatingButton$2
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
com/google/android/material/R.java
 com.google.android.material.R
 com.google.android.material.R$anim
 com.google.android.material.R$animator
 com.google.android.material.R$attr
 com.google.android.material.R$bool
 com.google.android.material.R$color
 com.google.android.material.R$dimen
 com.google.android.material.R$drawable
 com.google.android.material.R$id
 com.google.android.material.R$integer
 com.google.android.material.R$interpolator
 com.google.android.material.R$layout
 com.google.android.material.R$string
 com.google.android.material.R$style
 com.google.android.material.R$styleable
org/lamw/pascalid1/jsRecyclerView.java
 org.lamw.pascalid1.EdgeDecorator
 org.lamw.pascalid1.IdObjects
 org.lamw.pascalid1.ItemObject
 org.lamw.pascalid1.LoadImageTask
 org.lamw.pascalid1.RecyclerViewAdapter
 org.lamw.pascalid1.RecyclerViewAdapter$RecyclerViewHolders
 org.lamw.pascalid1.RecyclerViewAdapter$RecyclerViewHolders$1
 org.lamw.pascalid1.RecyclerViewAdapter$RecyclerViewHolders$1$1
 org.lamw.pascalid1.RecyclerViewAdapter$RecyclerViewHolders$2
 org.lamw.pascalid1.RecyclerViewAdapter$RecyclerViewHolders$3
 org.lamw.pascalid1.RecyclerViewAdapter$RecyclerViewHolders$4
 org.lamw.pascalid1.RecyclerViewAdapter$RecyclerViewHolders$5
 org.lamw.pascalid1.RecyclerViewAdapter$RecyclerViewHolders$5$1
 org.lamw.pascalid1.RecyclerViewAdapter$RecyclerViewHolders$6
 org.lamw.pascalid1.RecyclerViewAdapter$RecyclerViewHolders$6$1
 org.lamw.pascalid1.SeparatorDecoration
 org.lamw.pascalid1.TopBottomDecorator
 org.lamw.pascalid1.jsRecyclerView
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
org/lamw/pascalid1/R.java
 org.lamw.pascalid1.R
 org.lamw.pascalid1.R$anim
 org.lamw.pascalid1.R$animator
 org.lamw.pascalid1.R$attr
 org.lamw.pascalid1.R$bool
 org.lamw.pascalid1.R$color
 org.lamw.pascalid1.R$dimen
 org.lamw.pascalid1.R$drawable
 org.lamw.pascalid1.R$id
 org.lamw.pascalid1.R$integer
 org.lamw.pascalid1.R$interpolator
 org.lamw.pascalid1.R$layout
 org.lamw.pascalid1.R$string
 org.lamw.pascalid1.R$style
 org.lamw.pascalid1.R$styleable
 org.lamw.pascalid1.R$xml
org/lamw/pascalid1/jTimer.java
 org.lamw.pascalid1.jTimer
 org.lamw.pascalid1.jTimer$RunnableStop
org/lamw/pascalid1/jTextView.java
 org.lamw.pascalid1.jTextView
 org.lamw.pascalid1.jTextView$1
 org.lamw.pascalid1.jTextView$2
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
androidx/slidingpanelayout/R.java
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$attr
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$color
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$id
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$integer
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$layout
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$string
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$style
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable
org/lamw/pascalid1/jImageView.java
 org.lamw.pascalid1.jImageView
 org.lamw.pascalid1.jImageView$1
 org.lamw.pascalid1.jImageView$2
 org.lamw.pascalid1.jImageView$3
 org.lamw.pascalid1.jImageView$LoadImageTask
org/lamw/pascalid1/jPanel.java
 org.lamw.pascalid1.jPanel
 org.lamw.pascalid1.jPanel$1
 org.lamw.pascalid1.jPanel$2
 org.lamw.pascalid1.jPanel$GestureListener
 org.lamw.pascalid1.jPanel$simpleOnScaleGestureListener
androidx/recyclerview/R.java
 androidx.recyclerview.R
 androidx.recyclerview.R$attr
 androidx.recyclerview.R$color
 androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen
 androidx.recyclerview.R$drawable
 androidx.recyclerview.R$id
 androidx.recyclerview.R$integer
 androidx.recyclerview.R$layout
 androidx.recyclerview.R$string
 androidx.recyclerview.R$style
 androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable
org/lamw/pascalid1/jCommons.java
 org.lamw.pascalid1.jCommons
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
org/lamw/pascalid1/Manifest.java
 org.lamw.pascalid1.Manifest
 org.lamw.pascalid1.Manifest$permission
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
